AbveAspirations
===============

www.abveaspirations.com

My very 1st project - a dream-saver (play on a screen-saver). Over the past couple of years, I've saved a bunch of meaningful, inspirational, and motivational quotes on my iphone. I can honestly say that these quotes had a legitimate effect on scuplting my values and they apply to where I'm currently at with regards to my purpose and my career. Eventually when I gathered enough of them, I printed them out and scotch-taped them to the wall over my work station, so I could look up at any time for some quick inspiration. I also taped them to my bathroom mirror so I could ease off of the vanity. 

Anyways, when starting out, I knew I needed to keep it relatively limited in scope since I've only begun to entrench myself into the coding world (6 months now - with javascript specifically for maybe 4 or 5 months). So, I thought, let me try to take the vision board idea and put it into the computer browser. There's a bunch of websites with quotes already, so I knew I needed to put my own twist on it... sooo... why not let users add their own quotes as they see fit - and stemming from that and perhaps, more importantly - why not let them add their own goals and dreams and aspirations and save them so that they can come back to them for that reminder or kick in the ass or however you want to see it. The idea being that putting your dream or goal onto paper or onto the screen and putting it into tangible form  - is A LEGITIMATELY BIG STEP and a NECESSARY STEP towards making that aspiration a reality (PS please read The Alchemist and also Think Rich Grow Rich, 2 of my favorite books). So that's what this is intended to do - to kickstart people's path towards greatness. It's meant to be looked at, not all day mind ya, but perhaps every once in awhile, to come back to , or maybe to just kind of linger in the background while you get other stuff done. You can look up and see a nice compact quote that should have a positive impact on your current state and maybe get right back to it...

But yea, I've learned A LOT from this project - here's a short and not-at-all-comprehensive list - I learned a little bit more about github, how to use ssh to upload files to your server, how to use ssh and terminal and github so that you can match up your local code with what you've pushed to github and then ensuring that all of that is in sync with the code uploaded to the server (this probably the part that I spent the most time learning), what localStorage is and how to use it, what twitter-bootstrap is and how to use it (learned about it maybe 2/3s of the way thru the project, so I didn't implement it from the start), how to start a project from scratch (practically), how to implement and put into effect an idea (!!!), and most importantly, I learned how much I love to create (well I knew this already, but the extent of my passion is still an ongoing and exciting discovery). (I like parentheses).

Considering this is my 1st project - I couldn't be happier with the results, visually and functionally (edit: ok maybe I'd be a lot happier if I could figure out how to implement localStorage without breaking the program). I'm steadily approaching the ending phase of this project's life cycle and I'm catching myself brainstorming ideas for my next project.


PS: As of today, 1-1-15, localStorage is much more difficult to implement with multiple containers than I ever imagined. So saving the user's changes to the console, so the user can leave the site and come back, is still a (major) work in progress. Also, I'm pretty sure this is optimized for viewing on a MacBook-sized display via Chrome or Safari or Firefox. There isn't full functionality on a touch screen (tablet or smart phone - double click to remove is not implemented), and I'm not even sure how this bad boy looks on a windows computer or thru IE. I'll eventually get to that, but I first wanted to make sure it looked nice on my own (and similar) display(s).
